You call the owner of the Dilan Antique Store
Who the hell do you think you are?
The sister of the owner of the Dilan antique store is Yuezhou Ye Zhen
Master the power of life and death in Yunzhou
Can bird you rubbish
Jinchen, forget it
Last time we just happened to
How could Boss Ye really demolish the house for you?
Hmph, don't listen to him, this trash, pretending to be here?
If only the owner of the Dilan antique store could come today
I drowned myself
This is what you said.
Boss Ye, please within ten minutes.
With the true heart of the ocean
Come to the wedding chapel
Sir, I am out of town now.
I'll ask my sister to deliver it to you.
Good night
waste
And addicted to fucking pretending, right?
If you really don't come tonight
I really got you
In 10 minutes.
Ye Zhen
Will come here with the true heart of the ocean
You'd better think about it.
How will you be with yourself then?
You trash
Xu Shao is a famous family
As for getting a fake Ocean Heart?
Cool kids like Xu Shao
There are so many tricks to play
How dare you insult Xu Shao
Kneel down and apologize
Let me kneel down and you are not afraid of losing your life
Stop talking nonsense with him
After ten minutes, Ye Cheng mainly didn't come
I will kill you first